Does one like moss and can one explain why?

How can one be indifferent to the effects of it’s existence?

Does justice exist collectively?

How many signs of not caring for others has one witnessed today?

Can one make a list of how many signs of not caring for others one has experienced until now?

What has gone extinct in the history of one’s existence?

What does one do with dead things and why?

Has one ever gained from the death of something, please explain how?

Does death help one to support other lives?

How many lives are affected by one’s existence?

Is one proud or humbled by having an affect on others existence, please explain one’s answer?

Would one understand it’s existence as indifferent to all the other lives one effect and why is this?

Have all of the relationships that one has acknowledged had an effect on its existence?

If there is no true love then what are those of us that are in love producing?

How many relationships are of one’s existence?

Can one describe the relationships that create mass extinction?

Is one indifferent to existing in a relationship that creates mass extinction and why is this?

What steps will one take to get out of destructive relationships that create mass extinction?

Are some laws supporting humiliation and powerlessness can one make note of them?

How did some laws get divorced from justice?

 Can one describe the marriage between law and justice?

How do dependents affect freedom?

Is freedom a way for dismissing dependents, please give reasons for one's answer?

Freedom from dependents what is that?

Others that are dependent can they be free, please try to explain one's answer?

Does one put laws in place for those that are dependent and what are these laws?

What conditions is one of?

What condition is one in?

How can being of conditions help counting something as one?

Can counting something as one be very big and please describe how big? 

Can one describe how it thinks?

Do the conditions that one is a part of change the way one is thinking? 

Can one describe why they have chosen these conditions for living?

What is the difference between living and existing?

What kind of living does one make?

What kind of existence does one have?

Is livelihood an inherent right for all beings, please give reasons for one’s answer?

Why is livelihood withheld from someone?

Why do we collectively accept a condition of withholding livelihood from someone?

What does one understand to be humiliating to others?

Can one describe how equality feels like operation to the privileged?

Can one describe how to emancipate an oppressed creature?

Can architecture be oppressive describe one's reasons?

Can one describe how to emancipate a building?

Can one describe how to emancipate an oppressed city square?

Dos one treat things with equality and respect, please explain how?

Dos one treat others with equality and respect, please explain how?

If one just demands respect without humbling oneself in equality, does that make an oppressor? 

Has caring for others ever humbled you, please explain one’s answer?

How many deaths have sustained once daily existence, please list all of them?

Has one ever danced with the sea, please show how it is done?

Has one ever danced to architecture, please show how it is done?

Please show what dancing liberates?

Please show what fun liberates?

Please show what play liberates?

Please show what work liberates?

What kind of work is liberating?

Please tell us, how violence is necessary for peace?

Please tell us how violence protects us all?

Can fidelity keep lovers together?

What is fidelity used for holding together?

Why are countries weird?

Can one list everything that a border is for?

Can one list everything an identity is for?

Can one list everything anonymity is for?

What is social mobility?

What is geo determinism?

Has one ever been forced to be vulnerable, please explain how?

Do you have to be silly to take the world seriously, please explain one’s answer?

Can one make a list of everything that puts it in a position of vulnerability?

Is there a way to create empathy in others, please explain one's answer?

Is there a way to create ethics in others, please explain one's answer?

Can one list the characteristics of it that are not vulnerable?

Can one list the characteristics of it that are not empathetic?

Can vulnerable things protect other vulnerable things, please list why they are vulnerable and how they protect from that position?

How does one's touch reach one’s grasp of existence?

How can one’s touch not grasp others existence?

How can one’s grasp fail to feel for others?

How can one’s grasp hold oneself of others?

If one is present why is there presents not citizenship?

Is one present and explain how?

Where is one present and affective?

Is it easier to ignore representatives together as one?

Are representatives appointed to represent others how does that work and what is good about representing others?

Is one in turmoil, can one explain how?

Does representing oneself hide all the inner turmoil of oneself?

Does it make one vulnerable to show, how torn and contradictory one is?

Is one representing something that one does not believe in and what is it?

Has one ever tried to lay bare the entirety of oneself, how would one go about this process?

So if one is protesting against injustice does that mean protesting will continue indefinitely?

What has everyone inherited from the past, please make a list?

Are there privileges that should not be inherited, please list them here?

Where do identities come from?

Do identities really come from geographic locations, can one explain please?

Are identities made up?

Should identity relate to being present?

Does being present lay bare the violence of misrepresentation?

How does one relate to space?

What is autonomy for all?

Can one define what is constant in time?

Would one not think it is more useful to name things that create knowledge and exist beyond knowledge all at once?

Can one list all the smells that oneself produces?

What smell is one’s oldest memory?

Does one know the first thing one smelled?

Can one describe where they are in smells?

What is the smell of home?

Are there smells one misses?

What ways does one listen?

What ways does one see?

What ways do others touch one?

What ways does one touch others?

Can one reach others in a way they really don't want to be reached, please explain?

Should one touch others?

What is one touching now?

Is one always touching itself, please explain how?

What is one’s self touching off and please explain what one's self is reaching?

Are the things oneself is reaching touching others?

What is weird? 

Is one touched?

Is there any innocent meaning, please explain your answer?

What accusations has one for meaning, please list them now?

Is there a material for meaning?

What material is most accurate for giving meaning to things?

Does material make meaning or is meaning given to material?

What is the use of giving things meaning rather than value?

What does one value?

What does one have that is valuable?

What should be valued?

What are all the currencies one uses?

Is it wrong to use one currency and why is this?

Can one give a list off all the nicest ways to distributing one’s wealth?

What does one possess?

What can one possess for generations?

What can one consume for generations?

How many generations does it take to consume until extinction?

What types of sustainable production has one created in their daily life?

Are we making a problem that affects everybody?

What are the benefits from making a problem that affects everybody?

Why can't the problem that is affecting everybody benefit everybody?

Who is benefiting from the problem that is affecting everybody?

Where does power come from?

What powers does one have?

What powers do the one’s that benefit from the problems that affect everybody have?

Is everybody powerless to stop the problems that are affecting everybody and benefiting some?

As one what can be made possible?

As one what has been made possible?

Are all of one's feelings at the other side of the void?

Is it important to produce meaning from a void?

Is there a situation where a void is useful?

Does a void produces political apathy?

What produces political apathy?

What smells touch one the most?

Is being efficient a good thing give reasons for your answer?

Is efficiency necessary for mass extinction?

How efficiently can one deal with crises that affect everyone?

How efficient is one’s culture?

Is there an efficiency culture and what is it efficiently doing? 

Does this mean one’s culture is efficiently doing things and why is that?

What is one culturally producing?

Is conflict part of creativity, please explained one's answer?

